cal care Ruby's care it was shitty hi
everyone how exciting my first calc am
we're here in potato due to talk to some
local farmers about how they're looking
after the environment by doing my
carryon planting bets when farmers fence
off all the streams rivers and swamps on
the land and plant trees along the edges
of them doesn't this place look
fantastic sight post grasses slow tasty
I just had to try it oh right now I'm on
the male assist firm these are some of
the trees they've planted recently wow
they sure are a lot of them and they're
all natives too let's go and find hands
in an eater and chew their cud with them
so handsome tell us about your iperion
plantain well we have fenced off the
water base some of the swamps we're
standing up here in a bit of a swampy
area and what we're trying to achieve is
that the Clean Water that will come into
the farm will also leave the farm as
clean water we're planting on a moment
on two farms and it's well over twenty
thousand trees and shrubs the diff
planters now hands is going to show us
what it looks like when the trees have
grown and this is what it looks like
after nine years wow there's so many
trees here they must be attracting more
native birds and Sonny Bill Williams
with a shirt off now let's go see my
friend Stuart eat meat and Heather
said about how local farmers are using
my period planting to look after the Y
host dream oh look how beautifully clean
and clear the water is I must say
they're doing a moo-velous job now
Stewart should be waiting for us just up
here today Rosie how you doing today you
come to experience of Tyl walkway in 10
years we've completely plaza with about
set of markers and native trees it's all
completely fixed the farmers embraced
the whole idea and so there's no
stopping me out anywhere near the river
except me of course this is one of the
most fabulous pieces of water I've ever
seen Stuart does our piece of paradise
best for everybody to enjoy that's why
we're embracing the whole clean streams
thing and that's why we want people to
understand that farmers are being
responsible and our feet sing-off always
wanna be late to see this sort of water
all the way two teams ah this sure is a
piece of paradise it's a nervous example
of what farmers and communities can do
when they work together Oh would you
mind taking a photo with me for my
travel blog sure Rosie we're gonna have
a photo together let's get it together
yes